Examination for shop items

BOMB_RETRIBUTION = "Retribution Bomb"
DESC_BOMB_RETRIBUTIOn = "This bad boy will blow up and wreck everything around you, that is, if you receive enough bites-to-the-everything."

Wilson : "This should be useful if i ever need it."
Willow : "It will make some nice fireworks!"
Wolfgang : "Wolfgang does not need mercy!"
Wendy : "A explosive that will end everything so i can avoid the unevitable."
WX-78 : "IT HAS A HURT-O-METER, I LIKE IT."
Wickerbottom : "A small bomb with a blood pressure sensor, it triggers the bomb under certain conditions."
Maxwell : "I might as well use one of these if the situation turns grim."
Woodie : "This is pretty heavy, eh?"
William : "I remember finding this from some old guy with a shotgun."


BOMB_SUICIDE = "Take-you-with-me 2000"
DESC_BOMB_SUICIDE = "This amazing bomb from the Great War has a sensor to check if your heart as stopped pumping blood! If it does then you will make an amazing, bloody spectacle out of yourself, along with everything in a 100 meter radius. Tends to rain thunder, too!"

RECOMMENDATION_BOMB_SUICIDE = "Best used with a meat effigy."

Wilson : "I haven't gone this far to just die here. Not without a boom."
Willow : "It constantly ticks."
Wendy : "A bomb that can end everything. Almost."
Wolfgang : "If muscles fail then boom. Simple."
wX-78 : "I WISH I HAD THIS IN THE NORMAL WORLD."
Wickerbottom : "A massive explosive device from the last war, it detects the user's death and explodes with a incredible force."
Maxwell : "This blows up a tiny hole in this despicable Earth."
Woodie : "I hope this doesn't blow up before i need it to..."
William : "It's better to go out with a bang than to burn out."


ANTIGRUE = "Anti-Grue 2000"
DESC_ANTIGRUE = "This tiny apparatus has a small sensor to detect if you're in the darkness, once it detects the Grue's prescence it will light a small lightbulb which can be kept going with a small crank. The crank tends to break quickly, so don't use it for too long!"

REC_ANTIGRUE = "This is especially useful in the caves!"

Wilson : "Such an amazing device! Edison must be proud."
Willow : "I like the little crank it has."
Wendy : "A small light to keep death away."
Wolfgang : "The light bulb is so small! Ha!"
WX-78 : "THIS TINY SLAVE WILL BE OF USE FOR A TINY WHILE"
Wickerbottom : "The crank generates power for the light bulb. The sensor system is much more complicated, though."
Maxwell : "Charlie will be disgruntled by this."
Woodie : "The crank is made out of a twig, so tiny!"
William : "The crank is just really fragile."
