William was once a man trapped in the Don't Starve world by Maxwell, pherpaps once of the first, after confronting Maxwell and trying to convince him to free him, Maxwell turned him into a plant so he couldn't escape anywhere.

William spent years in that same area, once he had an idea (which he got out of extreme boredom), he grabbed things nearby and started slowly building a shop around him, so he could help the people that passed by, and also for maybe introducing some economy system inside the Don't starve world.



Wilson can find a sign in a similar fashion of the koalephant footsteps in the world, if he uncovers the sign he will finally reach the shop, in which he will meet the merchant (William)

William has been alone for a while and he will be quite happy to see somebody, he'll even throw confetti around him, after that the merchant will explain to him to system of the shop.

The shop has three sections:

Upgrades:

A surgery bed full of bloody tools and such, in this place the player can purchase different upgrades to improve his/her abilities.

Special item shop:

In this place the player will be able to purchase different kinds of rather useful items, ranging from a bomb that explodes when nearly dead and kills everything around it except the player, to a simple bacon, i mean, pig spawner that spawns a single friendly pig.

Lucky Scrapyard:

In this place the player can pay money to grab a random item from this scrapyard, a random item will be given to the player which could range from weak and cheap to expensive and useful.

More sections of the shop will be probably found in other places with separate merchants.

We need merchant concepts, i was thinking of a half-spider woman in the caves, a sort of puppet-ish man near a chess setpiece, and other kinds of stuff.

We also need concepts for other shops.

To purchase anything you first must have silver chips, "roubles". These can be found from doing different kinds of stuff, but mostly risking your life and killing dangerous enemies. They can be found in large quantities from bosses and especially inside the ruins.


SURVIVAL ARENA:

This place is the Underworld, another dimension which you can reach by going into a hole which emits a green glow.

Inside this hole there's a medium sized circle which you can stand on, the rest is just a void. This place only has a green atmosphere.

You can find the Announcer, a old man dressed in a suit made of sew-on patches, which will announce stuff.

The arena works this way, the player can purchase gear from big stone tablets on a wall with drawings of the corresponding item on each, each item costs something, and the currency of the underworld is different than silver chips (concept needed)

Once the player thinks he's ready, he can start the battle.

The battles work in a Wave system, in which coordinated enemies will spawn from different portals at different sides of the arena.

The monsters that appear in the arena are all of the possible hostile monsters found in the world. These monsters drop the underworld currency.

As the player survives waves he will get silver chips as a reward. At the same time, each wave will become more difficult, and the reward for surviving them will be bigger.

There's special waves which are abouts fighting boss monsters.
There's also special waves for fighting massive quantities of weak, annoying monsters. (bats, worker spiders, even smallbirds.)

The player can buy stuff from the stone tablets between waves so he can get ready for the next wave. He can buy things like pigmen and rabbits, a stronger helper will cost more (Rock lobster).

You're free to create more concepts.


WE still need to think of a way to make the player unable to die permanently in this arena, but at the same time to stop it from being a easy way out of the danger.